how's it going everyone welcome back to
another mask review today we're going to
be taking a look at the series 2 venom
vehicle outlaw now this vehicle
originally came out in 1986 has two
drivers Nash Corey and miles mayhem
which are actually in the cab section
right now and I'll feature them a little
bit later in the video but very
nice-looking oil tanker Kenner does a
great job again with the amount of
detail that they put into their vehicles
here we got the chrome on the side the
chrome on the wheels rubber tires does
roll nicely unfortunately it doesn't
have the Goodyear on there anymore just
says venom but you have some nice molded
in detail to the plastic two front end
nicely chromed get clear windows so you
can see Nash glory there along with
miles on the other side even though the
top events are chromed it's very nice
very large just for quick scale
reference here's rhino so you can just
see how large outlaw actually is one
little gripe that I have without law and
it's not that big of a deal but I do
wish that a head open and closed doors
you have to get the figures in from the
top and I kind of just you know wish
that it actually had the doors kind of
like Rhino I guess or firecracker and
such but alright let's take a look at
the figures now alright here are the two
drivers we have Nash Gloria in the green
and we have a new miles mayhem take a
look at Nash gory first which a really
nicely sculpted figure do you like it
Kenner always does a great job the only
thing that I kind of don't like is the
fact that Nash quarry there wears
glasses and Kenner didn't want to at
least color the glasses which is kind of
a shame but other than that articulation
his arms can rotate around 360 degrees
his head can go around 360 degrees too
if you like lace go for backwards and
has a knee joint so it's you know
functional in the mast line his mask
here is powerhouse or sometimes known as
Samson in the show as you can kind of
see him with it on such
all right moving on to miles mayhem here
now this is his second I believe uniform
that we've seen miles in and we've
actually seen him fly switchblade with
this uniform too so he's got the nice
military kind of look again just like
his original version my camera focus
there and his mask here is Python not a
lot going on with it but not too bad so
he looks like all right let's move on to
Outlaws transformation now to convert
outlaw into its mobile base for venom
really simple you're going to take the
top section of the back of the trailer
lift it straight up and they'll activate
the missile it's kind of on a release
mechanism and such take the front end
lift up the top then you're going to
fold that down this red button right
here releases the tab section which you
can rotate around 360 degrees if you
like you can extend out the grapple hook
launcher and then there are several
accessory pieces that you just attach on
to Allah here get these all the weight
so we'll start off with comes with two
of these radar dishes and you kind of
want to be careful with these you want
to slide them on which I'll showcase
here in a second but if you try and clip
them on you run the risk of snapping one
of these little parts right off so it
looks a little bit closer and as you can
see you just kind of slide them right on
like that and then we have a really nice
looking sticker inside the base here up
top
just computers and such alright next
we'll take the bottom section here each
side and you're just going to kind of
pull it out this will activate the
control panel just kind of flips it up
pull out the other side take these two
pieces connect them together and they
become kind of a I guess an antenna some
sort there's a little hole for it to peg
in on the other side take the power pack
in the cable right here and just plug
into the side and there we have all the
accessory pieces hooked on to outlaw now
Allah does have a nice missile firing
feature with this big huge cannon which
you can't rotate you can lift up and
kind of lower it down and such and it
still has a really nice powerful spring
launches these two or launches one large
missile at a time but unfortunately
these missiles are made with gold
plastic and they will disintegrate if
you're not careful with them so I'm not
going to launch one completely out of
the cannon because knowing my luck it's
going to hit something and break so just
got to pop it in there there's a red
button right there and as you can see
just launches out it's really nice but
unfortunately I don't know why they used
gold plastic but alright the other
gimmick as I said this can rotate around
360 degrees but you have this nice
launcher for the grappling hook a little
red button fires it out it is on a
string that's connected to this little
kind of winch so you can just line it
back up and lastly I do like the fact
that there are pegs throughout Outlaw up
top down here where your mask figures
have holes on the bottom of their feet
so you can
kind of plug them in different places
and such so you can have them stand you
can kind of see there quick and final
thoughts on alwa great vehicle to have I
love the fact that Venom gets a base on
top of that I've always thought of
outlaw as the nemesis to Rhino but the
downside to Ella it has quite a few
accessory pieces if you want it to be
complete you have the two antenna pieces
here the power pack and the cord the two
radar dishes and the two plagued gold
plastic missiles sometimes the grappling
hook can be missing with the string and
then on top of that you do have the
gimmicks that are spring-loaded so you
kind of want them to be actually
functional so keep that in mind also but
other than that it is a nice piece to
have dust does display well and such so
that's it for outlaw guys thank you
again for watching I really do
appreciate stay tuned for more take care
I'll talk to you guys later